Conclusion (#122)
chhoumann/p7: report/sections/Conclusion/conclusion.tex

The main goal of this project was to create an internet-based application that would solve some problem.

> Furthermore, another requirement in the study regulation is that the developed system also needs to be tested for scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In this project, we developed a system for lecturers of the \textit{Programming Paradigms} course that can provide fast and efficient feedback on student exercise submissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, we developed a system for lecturers of the \textit{Programming Paradigms} course that can provide fast and efficient feedback on student exercise submissions.
```

> The system allows lecturers to create exercises for students and define accompanying tests for verifying correctness of student solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developed system allows lecturers to create exercises for students and define accompanying tests for verifying correctness of student's solutions.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The system allows lecturers to create exercises for students with accompanying tests for verifying correctness of student solutions.
```

> To create this application, we developed a working user interface that students and lecturers can use in order to interact with the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create this application, we developed a working user interface that students and lecturers can use in order to interact with the system. The user interface and an accompanying server for handling interactions was developed using TypeScript, tRPC and Next.js.
To enable persistance of users and their interactions with the system, a login system was implemented using a layered architecture.
Information regarding the users, their submitted exercise solutions, and exercises and accompagnying tests was persisted on a Postgres database.
```

Reviewer: Read below review comment before reviewing.

Reviewer 2: @TheRumle You have spelling errors. `accompagnying` should be accompanying.
And you missed Prisma, which would be great to mention as we use it to communicate with the database.

```suggestion
To create this application, we developed a user interface that students and lecturers can use in order to interact with the system.
```
`working` should be given, otherwise we could have just handed in mockups.

The user interface was developed with user-friendliness in mind, providing minimal hindrance in accessing and solving exercises.
A backend was developed in order to process and serve frontend requests.

> Supplementing this, a database was also implemented to store information regarding users and exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I dont like that we go from Test Runner -> one sentence about DB -> Test Runner. I have made a suggestion to get DB before.

Reviewer 2: And we didn't implement a database

> The backend features a component that uses the GHC interpreter to run tests on exercise submissions to provide users with feedback on their submission.

Reviewer 2: Please refrain from calling the Test Runner a backend. It is a service that the Next.js backend uses. The reader would be very confused if we use both the Test Runner and Next.js backend as 'backend'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The backend is connected to the Test Runner. The Test Runner uses the GHC interpreter to run tests on exercise submissions to provide users with feedback on their submission.
```

After these tests have been run, the results are available to the user through polling.

> We implemented a queue system to avoid too many running instances of the GHC interpreter process --- it stores requests for future processing if all worker threads are occupied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We implemented a queue system to avoid too many running instances of the GHC interpreter process --- it stores code and test data from requests for future processing if all worker threads are occupied.
```

> In order to ensure that the system is scalable, we performed stress tests on different versions of the program with varying configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ensure that the system is scalable, we performed benchmarks by meassuring response times during stress testing on different versions of the program with varying configurations.
```

Reviewer 2: @TheRumle `meassuring` should be measuring

> In order to ensure that the system is scalable, we performed stress tests on different versions of the program with varying configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ensure that the system is scalable, we performed stress tests on different versions of the program with varying configurations, which was orchestated using Docker containers.
```

Reviewer 2: @TheRumle I don't like calling it orchestrated. Makes me think too much of Kubernetes. And we didn't use that. Is saying orchestrated the best term to use here?

> Based on these tests, the application will be able to deliver results within an acceptable time for at least up to 100 concurrent requests; good enough for a classroom setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on these benchmark results, the application will be able to deliver results within an acceptable time for at least up to 100 concurrent requests; good enough for a classroom setting.
```

To ensure that the developed user interface is intuitive for users, we performed a usability test.
The test was performed on students who, at the time, were taking the \textit{Programming Paradigms} course.
According to the users from our evaluation, the developed application has a close to excellent UI. 

> In summary, the application we have developed can deliver swift evaluation of students' exercise submissions through an intuitive and coherent user interface. 

Reviewer 3: This sounds like the ending of the conclusion but it is not. not sure what to change.

> In conclusion, the application we have developed can deliver swift evaluation of student exercise submissions through an intuitive and coherent user interface.

Reviewer 2: Would have liked to see more punch here. Something akin to `... which fulfills the specifications for the project.`
Just to round off completely.
